okay so after we attach this here so you
can see this is where I had the chase
screws I put the two screws in and I
firmly attached it so it doesn't move up
and down and this is where one end of
the you is going to fit in so now what
we're going to do is put the you look on
your mount so here you can see yeah here
you can see this is the bottom part of
your U and this is a top part of your
you you're first going to put the bottom
part of your you into the mount system
in order to do that you're just going to
slide this this part just right up into
this to the sock holder slide it up and
this is why it's important that you put
it you have enough distance between this
and your gears so it's right about there
so then put your you right here you it's
not going to go in all the way because
you don't have I mean you choose the key
in order to do that so you put your key
in put it in on two we want to turn it
vertically and then the whole thing goes
in turn it horizontally again and then
it's going to lock yeah so there you go
it's sturdy it's secure and when you're
riding your bike whenever you want to
take it off and put just this part you
know put it on your bike somewhere to
lock it it's going to be super easy you
don't have to carry this thing around in
your backpack or anything and this is
the way it was designed to be used so
yeah and don't worry about I mean as you
let me just do a zoom in here you can
see that this this part and this part
will complete come completely out this
mount system this guy and this guy this
two parts will always stay on the bike
attached this is the only thing that
you're going to remove this you and this
part are the only things you're going to
remove to attach this you to your bike
securely to a bike post or something
okay I hope you enjoyed the video if you
have any questions please send
message or make make a comment in the
section below all right thanks a lot bye